TELEPHONE_USER: What'd you say?
Nicholas Roussos: It's really easy to steal stuff.
Dimos Stathakis: That we can do that.
Dimos Stathakis: Again.
TELEPHONE_USER: No, no, that is not what we learned. What we learned is that thievery creates unintended consequences that are unfathomable.
Nicholas Roussos: Wait, so what am I supposed to do with this orb, then?
TELEPHONE_USER: I think every having a problem, and goes.
TELEPHONE_USER: Oh, yes, what are you supposed to do with this orb? I don't know. But while you're sitting there enjoying yourselves, taking a few days off, like, think to yourself that maybe it's time to go up to,
TELEPHONE_USER: to, to the top side, and get out of sporedom, but you're enjoying the scenery, plus there's, like, lots of tasty mushrooms, lots of hallucinogenic mushrooms, and, you know, there's a day where Braum Grimm is running around naked in the forest, and you're kind of all going, that was too much, too much.
TELEPHONE_USER: A representative of the Emerald Enclave shows up.
TELEPHONE_USER: And informs, Akritas that she has work to do.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: Wait, why is Bromgrim lecturing me about the right thing to do if he's high on hallucinogenic mushrooms?
TELEPHONE_USER: Do as I say, not as I do.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right? I mean, I'm assuming you've spent some quality time discovering the distillation processes possible with the unique mushrooms in the Underdark.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, I've just been making better drugs.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, and Akritas has been helping you, like, you know, refine these techniques, right? So, between you and Akritas, you've been, like, creating a whole distillery, like, you've been using your arcane,
TELEPHONE_USER: You're earlier.
TELEPHONE_USER: What's the name of the character again? I forgot, my brain is just, like, not where we need to be today.
TELEPHONE_USER: No Felcor's artificer skills, right, to construct specialized distilleries, and you guys have been experimenting on how to… how to distill mushrooms. Meanwhile, I'm assuming that,
TELEPHONE_USER: Diane has been exploring opportunities on further… on, you know, how we can make more money selling soups and things like that.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yep. Right.
TELEPHONE_USER: So, you know, you spend some days, you know, it's kind of like… and Bromgraham decided to commune with nature, to expand his horizons, to learn more.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, but while you're, while you're there, while you're there,
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, Akritas, gets a message and says, they want us to go check… they want us to go check something out. I think we need to go…
TELEPHONE_USER: the member of the Emerald Enclave.
TELEPHONE_USER: Double E sent down a messenger to find us, and they have a mission for us.
Dimos Stathakis: Do they know?
Dimos Stathakis: Do they?
TELEPHONE_USER: She goes… she goes… Atrita says, they do, whether, you know, we want to take it is a different matter, but, you know, I… because I've been enjoying this, like, this whole experience and the… and the mushroom cloud, I mean, this is really nice.
TELEPHONE_USER: And, you know, at this…
TELEPHONE_USER: And I think this, by the way, is now… has a proto-glass tumbler with some alcohol that's, you know, just swirling like this.
Dimos Stathakis: I think it's time to make millions, and then do our adventures.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, she said some… and she said… mutters something that, you know, future revenue opportunities will be impacted by our… by the events that are going on here in the Underdark, and so we may want to look into this, at least so that we have full visibility as to what's going on.
Dimos Stathakis: I think they just want us to do the work.
Dimos Stathakis: For free labor.
TELEPHONE_USER: You know, she says, that is entirely the case, but we happen to be the people on the ground.
Dimos Stathakis: The only problem with that is that that doesn't help us make millions.
TELEPHONE_USER: What? I'm sorry?
Dimos Stathakis: That doesn't help us make millions. How are we gonna make millions if we do free labor?
TELEPHONE_USER: She says, my goal is to make millions and not have it stolen by some demon-possessed monster that comes and destroys everything.
Dimos Stathakis: Yes, but… We can,
Dimos Stathakis: We can fight the demon a bit later, we don't have to do it now.
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, you know, she's… again, she's sort of like, you know, swirling the alcohol in her right hand, you know.
TELEPHONE_USER: You know, going… she… she… you notice that she has a, some mushroomy thing, in the middle of it, and she's, like, drinking it. She goes, you know, I'm with you, but, like, we still have responsibilities, and we might as well go to the meeting. What's the worst thing that can happen? We'll hear about an apocalypse.
Dimos Stathakis: Well, they know.
Dimos Stathakis: So, they're gonna force us to do the free labor stuff, because it's gonna be the end of the world.
Dimos Stathakis: And we don't have any other choice except you guys.
TELEPHONE_USER: It does sort of…
Dimos Stathakis: We're executive one.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yes.
Dimos Stathakis: Let me converse.
TELEPHONE_USER: Bravim, you know, shows up, this time looking thankfully, fully dressed, you know, the naked running around in the fungus forest. You know, his hair is curiously, like, in all possible directions. He looks happier than he's ever looked in ages, and says, I think we should go and at least hear them out. You never know what we might discover.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, do you wanna bet that they're gonna say it's gonna be the end of the world, and we need to do that because we're the only one that can handle it?
TELEPHONE_USER: Bradgen sort of pauses and goes, What's that?
TELEPHONE_USER: That would make us the heroes. The indispensable ones. The agents of destiny.
Dimos Stathakis: We are the first line that they want to push on the.
Nicholas Roussos: Yo, but does it make us money?
Dimos Stathakis: No, it's free label, because it's the Emerald Enclave.
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, Kanita says, oh, I don't think you understood me, it's the Emerald Enclave. It's the Emerald Enclave agent who came here, but this is a request from the Emerald Enclave, the Harpers, the Lord's Alliance, and the.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, it's not a request… okay, so it's not a request for you to do… Some chores.
Nicholas Roussos: toward the world.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yes, well, so, so, oh, yes, so, so the, so unfortunately, the information you collected from here was passed on to the higher-ups in the hierarchy, and they concluded that we needed to… that we're going to probably have to deal with the Mayor Midras situation directly.
TELEPHONE_USER: And they said that this mission would help us when we dealt… they would help them when we dealt with this… with the Mayor Midra directly. So, they're asking us to go deal… they're asking us to go talk to this guy. We do talk to them, we don't talk to them, that becomes our… our decision.
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, I mean, she pauses and goes, that becomes your decision. As a member of the Emerald Enclave, in good standing, and as a leader of the Emerald Enclave, and now, with my inglorious rank as an Emerald Enclave, I personally feel that I have an obligation, she keeps swirling the drink, to at least 10th a tenth.
TELEPHONE_USER: to at least, you know, attend the meeting, so I'm gonna go attend the meeting.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, we're gonna go to the meeting, but my question is, are you at least,
Dimos Stathakis: how to say the, going up the ladder on the Emerald Clave, or are you still…
Dimos Stathakis: On the lower steps? Are you writing up? Are you… what… what's your title in the…
TELEPHONE_USER: She goes, well, let me just tell you that.
TELEPHONE_USER: Hold on, give me a second…
TELEPHONE_USER: I can tell you what my rank is. I actually have it. I just need one second.
TELEPHONE_USER: Oh, there we go.
TELEPHONE_USER: Oh, she goes…
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, so she, she is,
TELEPHONE_USER: She has a significant renown.
TELEPHONE_USER: You can buy, she's at the… so…
TELEPHONE_USER: She has, like, she's at the very, like, sort of, like.
Nicholas Roussos: Middle?
TELEPHONE_USER: No, she's in the middle. Yeah, she's in the middle.
TELEPHONE_USER: She's like, yes, she is, she's definitely in the middle.
Dimos Stathakis: After all.
TELEPHONE_USER: So, she's…
Dimos Stathakis: Dan, you're still in the middle?
TELEPHONE_USER: She paused and says, look, Caritas again goes, where did you come from?
Dimos Stathakis: That's a long story for another time.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, apparently. Every time we ask you the same question, we get the same answer. Like, I just… as she swirls her alcohol around, she says, we're not going to discover that you stole some magical artifact that every magic user or demon in the multiverse is searching, are we?
Nicholas Roussos: We should have stolen the ledger, then we could have known.
Dimos Stathakis: No.
TELEPHONE_USER: She stops, she stops, she stops swirling the drink, and goes… Fuck.
TELEPHONE_USER: You're right.
TELEPHONE_USER: Or at the very least, we could have looked in the ledger.
Nicholas Roussos: Like, come on!
TELEPHONE_USER: I mean, I… she looks at me and goes, why didn't you look at the ledger? Brockberg goes, well, I was too busy…
Nicholas Roussos: You guys told me I wasn't allowed to steal it!
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, but just looked.
Nicholas Roussos: supported looking, then I would have really wanted to steal it.
TELEPHONE_USER: We could have taken notes! We had plenty of time to take notes!
Nicholas Roussos: We actually…
Dimos Stathakis: No, no, we didn't. No, we didn't have time.
Dimos Stathakis: I wanted to remind you that we didn't have any time.
TELEPHONE_USER: Look, I mean, we could… Alright, fine. Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: We could have taken the book and have… well, no, okay, fine, you're all right. Okay, like, every… you should think.
Dimos Stathakis: But yeah, anyway… Next time, don't stop.
Nicholas Roussos: Tell me what I'm thinking… what I'm thinking outside the box.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, I know, she's like… yeah, but, so she goes, yes, I am a high-ranking member of the Emerald Enclave.
TELEPHONE_USER: But I'm not high-ranking enough to be able to… to command the entire resources. Having said that, there is a promotion.
Dimos Stathakis: We are in the perfect sport that you don't have responsibilities, but you are high enough.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yes, yeah, so, like, if I want to hire someone, I can. I can, hire a… I can request a scout to accompany us on a journey and help us navigate.
TELEPHONE_USER: I can, I've learned Druidic, I can buy common and uncommon potions, spells, and scrolls from the Emerald Enclave.
Nicholas Roussos: Still have to buy them?
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, but I can buy them now.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right?
TELEPHONE_USER: But these are… these are things that I get for being a member of the Emerald Enclave, right?
TELEPHONE_USER: So, so she goes, like, you know, I mean, it's, it's, it's, it's, you know, it's a…
TELEPHONE_USER: Like, you know, I'm getting to that point where, you know, if I pull off these missions, I get this really cool ability where my eyes turn green.
TELEPHONE_USER: And, centaurs, treants, unicorns, and all beasts are friendly to me by default.
Dimos Stathakis: And when are you getting that?
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, management has said that if we deal with the Mayor Midra situation, that is absolutely when I'm gonna get that.
Nicholas Roussos: They're just gonna become a glorified demon.
Dimos Stathakis: Hmm.
TELEPHONE_USER: This is really important to me, this is really important to me, and you know, I've gone out on a limb for you, Diane, like, you know, I'm like, can we just go to the meeting? It just, like…
Dimos Stathakis: We're gonna go to the meeting.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, weird.
TELEPHONE_USER: In that case, she…
Nicholas Roussos: Can I bring some of the… I've made a new discovery in hallucinogenetic mushrooms, can I bring some?
TELEPHONE_USER: Braumgrim's eyes brightened.
Dimos Stathakis: Yes, we're good, yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: of them as well.
TELEPHONE_USER: She's like, sweet, he takes some. By the way, the whole…
Dimos Stathakis: Is that my question?
TELEPHONE_USER: What?
Dimos Stathakis: UCW Leon's rooms.
TELEPHONE_USER: Pumkin goes, don't we all? Don't we all?
Nicholas Roussos: I feel like it'll be better.
TELEPHONE_USER: Hold on, hold on. You see him, he's about to eat the mushroom, and then he says, oh, wait, first I have to get prepared for commuting with the mushroom, and he starts sticking off his clothes. At this point in time, tells him, not now. I do not need that site again.
Dimos Stathakis: I don't see the problem.
Nicholas Roussos: I think Diane wants dead site again.
TELEPHONE_USER: A diet may want many things. Akaritas, however, does not.
Dimos Stathakis: Good noise.
TELEPHONE_USER: What?
TELEPHONE_USER: Can you watch?
Dimos Stathakis: there's a good business opportunity with those Muslims.
TELEPHONE_USER: I'm sure there is.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yes.
Dimos Stathakis: Someday you're gonna let me make millions, so you're not gonna be able to stop me.
Dimos Stathakis: I'm gonna give you a whole report, how we're gonna make millions in the unseen triangles.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: I think that… if that's your goal, then that would be… I think that totally should be… if that's what you want, you've articulated a goal, like, you want to have fabulous wealth, is that what I've heard?
Dimos Stathakis: That's… Not far, but you lose 12.
TELEPHONE_USER: Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. We're now entering the part of the campaign where you're powerful enough to have absurd ambitions.
Dimos Stathakis: but not fabulous, wealth just to be able to buy whatever I want.
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, what is whatever you want?
TELEPHONE_USER: Castle, a kingdom? An empire?
Dimos Stathakis: No, I don't want to settle down.
TELEPHONE_USER: Oh, okay. Oh, so… Do you want FU money?
Dimos Stathakis: What?
TELEPHONE_USER: Do you even know what SE…
Dimos Stathakis: I really know.
TELEPHONE_USER: Nothing.
TELEPHONE_USER: Have you ever heard of the expression, fuck you, money?
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, yeah, I won't fuck you money, yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: FU is the polite way of saying it.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, okay, I heard SU, and I was like, what is SU?
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: If you, yeah, I want a few money.
TELEPHONE_USER: And you want FU money. Alright, okay, so…
TELEPHONE_USER: So, Akarita says, the best way to get FU money is to go on a quest in the city and collect lots and lots of treasure.
TELEPHONE_USER: She thinks to herself, if these idiots' goal is to go attack Mare Midra, there's probably more treasure there than we could probably ever imagine.
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, yeah, but I don't want to become a thief.
TELEPHONE_USER: Is it thievery if you're going and it's the end of a war battle, and you're just plundering the city from the enemy? Is it really thievery at that point?
Nicholas Roussos: Hindering, not thievery.
TELEPHONE_USER: These very, like, you know, rules of war, these are, these are…
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, look, how about this? You'll just steal enough to set up the business. You're not stealing, you know, you're not trying to make it a permanent score, it's your startup funds.
Dimos Stathakis: I think the best way is to get the money and buy businesses that gives profit. So, always get money.
Nicholas Roussos: Holy capitalist, bro.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: I could not agree with you more, but here's the deal, and I just need you to understand, Diane, that in a world of demons, gods, and other powerful individuals, the only guarantee of the safety of your business is your own personal power.
Dimos Stathakis: What do you want? Do you want me to stay on a business at a city, or be able to adventure with you guys? So you have to decide a bit.
Dimos Stathakis: I want you to come in touch with me.
TELEPHONE_USER: cut.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so I'm willing to risk my business ideas.
Dimos Stathakis: By buying other businesses, and hopefully they're gonna give me money back.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yes, but we need money to do that, and so let's go.
Nicholas Roussos: What if you invest in the stock market?
Dimos Stathakis: I don't think…
TELEPHONE_USER: Isn't the one.
Dimos Stathakis: Let's just talk about the East.
TELEPHONE_USER: Ask yourself a question. Would you… let me ask you to apology for a second. In a world where people can cast charm, mass delusion, hypnosis…
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: Could you imagine the implausibility of a stock market?
TELEPHONE_USER: We're gone.
Dimos Stathakis: I'm very proud.
TELEPHONE_USER: they're… Gods can create weather events at arbitrary points in time.
Dimos Stathakis: It would be very, very fun to create a stock market.
TELEPHONE_USER: Anyway… Sope.
TELEPHONE_USER: Are we going to the meeting or not?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: Yes.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Are you just kidding.
TELEPHONE_USER: Hold on.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right.
TELEPHONE_USER: Your respect… your… the Emerald Enclave faction member has brought you here to a mostly stable, hollowed-out, dead mushroom roughly the size of a small house.
TELEPHONE_USER: Seeing no people or other creatures outside, the windowed doors seem inviting and nice.
TELEPHONE_USER: The interior of the dwelling is a large chamber containing several pieces of very basic furniture. A few stools, a low table, and desk are arranged around the place.
TELEPHONE_USER: A cowled, humanoid figure telepathically greets you and introdges itself as galore, and bids you to take a seat as you enter.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, so he says, he goes.
TELEPHONE_USER: He sits down, and let me just see…
TELEPHONE_USER: He… you look at him, and he starts speaking to you telepathically.
Nicholas Roussos: Hello?
TELEPHONE_USER: He says, roll a… what's your passive perceptions?
Dimos Stathakis: Not… 18, 13, 19, 15, 16.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, so one of you, whoever has 18 or 19, role in investigation, Insight, or Arcana Check, whichever one you have higher.
Dimos Stathakis: Investigation or Arcana?
TELEPHONE_USER: Yep.
Dimos Stathakis: 9 in Palmgreen.
Dimos Stathakis: Diane with…
TELEPHONE_USER: You have a perception over 15. You have to have a perception over 15, so if you have a perception…
Dimos Stathakis: So, Akritas also.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so far the 12 is the highest, and Acritas…
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, 12.
TELEPHONE_USER: What… what else? Did anybody else put it? What, what were the die rolls? I'm sorry.
Dimos Stathakis: Except if,
TELEPHONE_USER: double digits.
Dimos Stathakis: Felker can speak to that.
TELEPHONE_USER: Dana, you… You can use Arcana if you want.
TELEPHONE_USER: Or investigation, Arcana?
Nicholas Roussos: I…
Dimos Stathakis: I mean…
Nicholas Roussos: That's, like, an investigation.
Dimos Stathakis: Can,
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, what if you could…
Dimos Stathakis: That's true.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, so, so… Did one of you.
Nicholas Roussos: I have a really good investigation.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, so somebody could discreetly point to a Caritas that he's noticed something strange about…
TELEPHONE_USER: The person in the… in the sitting… sitting under… the person in the room.
Nicholas Roussos: Rum cream, it doesn't…
Dimos Stathakis: 16 from photography.
TELEPHONE_USER: Somebody with a high stealth.
TELEPHONE_USER: Somebody with a high stealth, or you could…
Nicholas Roussos: an audit.
TELEPHONE_USER: No, no, somebody has to point it to you.
Nicholas Roussos: Bro.
TELEPHONE_USER: The one of Diane Bromgrimdor.
Dimos Stathakis: I think Dan has a largest, Akritis has learned his stealth, so, stealth, it's like?
TELEPHONE_USER: Yep, stealth, yep.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, come on, Penn.
TELEPHONE_USER: Kamethas kind of nudges you, and now the guy knows it, and tries to tell you, hey, look at that! He tries to tell you discreetly, but, you know, the alcohol has gotten in her head, so she's not as discreet as she would have liked.
TELEPHONE_USER: And you, now, Nick, you felt for…
TELEPHONE_USER: notices what Akritas does, and roll your Arcana check.
Nicholas Roussos: Can I do investigation instead, or…
TELEPHONE_USER: Whichever, Arcana Investigation or History.
Nicholas Roussos: gang.
Nicholas Roussos: What did you say?
Nicholas Roussos: Plus 9!
TELEPHONE_USER: And you roll day?
Nicholas Roussos: 12…
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, okay, none of you. Okay, the, story continues.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: Huh.
Nicholas Roussos: And…
TELEPHONE_USER: What you notice is that.
Nicholas Roussos: We didn't release the demon.
TELEPHONE_USER: He sits down and introduces himself as, my name, this is into your head, my name is Glor.
TELEPHONE_USER: the U.R.
TELEPHONE_USER: Do you introduce yourselves?
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Dimos Stathakis: I guess so.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, so he goes, I have been sent from Riggsig, a nearby
TELEPHONE_USER: illithid encampment several miles below Spordome that is involved in peaceful trade with Mykonids.
TELEPHONE_USER: Just in case you don't know, an Illithid is a mind flayer. You now know you're talking to a mind flayer. You've now made the connection between his purple skin and tentacles.
Dimos Stathakis: We couldn't… we didn't know that he was a mind flare, as he had tentacles on his head.
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, no, you… what I said was he was trying to be discreet, so I was trying to see if you could roll over a 13, and none of you were able to roll over a 13. I tried different ways. So now, yes, he introduces himself. You now know that he is a mind slayer, right?
Nicholas Roussos: John My Player?
TELEPHONE_USER: What?
Nicholas Roussos: John Mind Flayer?
TELEPHONE_USER: No, GLORE. G-L-O-R. Glore Mind Flayer.
Nicholas Roussos: I'm gonna call him John.
TELEPHONE_USER: And he goes, and I'll call you lunch if we… can we get back to being respectful?
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: So, the first thing that is kind of surprising to you is that…
TELEPHONE_USER: They are illithids engaged in peaceful trade.
TELEPHONE_USER: Brom Grimm raises his, mace, or hammer, or some weapon, and says.
TELEPHONE_USER: Why should we help you? You are a… I know, we know for a fact that illicit are slavers. We've seen the consequences of your slavery. We've fought the Duregaard, the Darrow, we have fought even your kind.
TELEPHONE_USER: Why should we even be interested in helping you?
TELEPHONE_USER: And so Glorg goes, yes, many of my kind pursue the slavery of enslaving other intelligent species. The mind flayers of Rick's gig are not interested in that.
Dimos Stathakis: Enjoy.
TELEPHONE_USER: We have found that… We have found that the peaceful cohabitation with the other species produces a better outcome.
TELEPHONE_USER: By the way, he still has his hood on.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: So…
TELEPHONE_USER: At this point in time, you probably want to ask… goes, okay, so you're a mind slayer working for mind flayers that don't enslave, is, like… are we supposed to embrace you, like, give you a hug? She's really kind of confused over what the point of all of this is.
TELEPHONE_USER: Ian, do you have any questions for this guy, or…
Dimos Stathakis: Why are you here?
Nicholas Roussos: What are we doing here?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah. Yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: Finally you get to the only interesting question.
TELEPHONE_USER: The giants… the demon patent giants of Myrmida have been uncharacteristically productive, and we have been studying them for some time.
TELEPHONE_USER: During our investigations, we discovered a few things.
TELEPHONE_USER: 1.
TELEPHONE_USER: The Giants have created a number of significantly
TELEPHONE_USER: devastating Arcane siege weapons and plan to use them against the surface world.
TELEPHONE_USER: Starting with Elventry and Hillfar.
TELEPHONE_USER: A credit us at this point goes, see, I told you we had to do something, they were going to affect our business pro- your business plans. And second.
TELEPHONE_USER: We know how to disable those war engines from a distance, using methods that would leave the perpetrator hidden in secret.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so what do you need us?
TELEPHONE_USER: I am prepared to share this information
TELEPHONE_USER: with the Order of the Gauntlet.
TELEPHONE_USER: As we have become aware of the Order's concentrated efforts to eradicate the Emerald Enclave, and the, the interventionist faction of the Emerald Enclave, and, of course, the Lord's Alliance, and, you know.
TELEPHONE_USER: The Harpers' efforts to eradicate the demonic influences in the Underdark by Combination of force, persuasion, infiltration.
TELEPHONE_USER: And I am willing to offer this prize to the representative of the Emerald Enclave, or to you, and then you can decide who to give the prize.
Dimos Stathakis: Sorry, can you repeat the price, or have you not said the… Place it.
TELEPHONE_USER: But the prize is the information on how to disable the arcane
TELEPHONE_USER: Siege weapons without the perpetrator being caught.
Dimos Stathakis: So, the price is to tell us how to stop the guy that annoys you also.
TELEPHONE_USER: He pauses and goes, no, no, I don't think you understand the situation from the perspective of the Riksig communion community.
Dimos Stathakis: Apparently, no, I cannot.
TELEPHONE_USER: Whether the giants do or do not destroy the surface world is of no consequence to us.
Dimos Stathakis: You don't lose trades over that?
TELEPHONE_USER: Pause for a minute. Roll in Arcana, Chuck.
Dimos Stathakis: Everyone, or just dying?
TELEPHONE_USER: Everyone.
Nicholas Roussos: One's noticing.
Dimos Stathakis: 14…
Nicholas Roussos: Anyone's noticing.
Nicholas Roussos: Hey guys, can you check for a sec? No one's noticing.
TELEPHONE_USER: I can see… I can see your hands moving, Natasha.
Dimos Stathakis: You can hear it also.
Nicholas Roussos: something here is up here.
Nicholas Roussos: Hmm.
Dimos Stathakis: Can you roll aquino.
TELEPHONE_USER: What? Did you roll Arcana?
Dimos Stathakis: critas.
TELEPHONE_USER: Who wrote this head?
Dimos Stathakis: Akritas.
TELEPHONE_USER: So let me see what the… hold on, what was the guy I was trying to get in? Alright, Diane.
Dimos Stathakis: bet.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, so you recall that a mind flayer
TELEPHONE_USER: Right? Mind Flayers are… mind flayers… Huh?
TELEPHONE_USER: are a… pieces that… For a protracted period of time, had an empire that and the multiverse.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: That…
TELEPHONE_USER: That empire ended when two… when a group of humanoid… the mind players, as they conquer enslaved species, would use the species for food, and then genetically modify them
TELEPHONE_USER: For their own purposes, and use them as
TELEPHONE_USER: vessels to create more Mind Flayers.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Right.
TELEPHONE_USER: Essentially, what happens is Mind Flayer drops a little bug in your eye, the eye uses your body to transform itself into a Mind Flayer. It has your memories, but now is no longer you.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right? And they operate over a collective hive mind that is managed by, powerful, psionic master brains.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: In general, mind slayers kind of view themselves as
TELEPHONE_USER: you know, what you've learned over the years is that Mind Flayer's number one obsession is how to reestablish their empire.
Dimos Stathakis: So if no one exists, they can re-establish their webpage.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right, so from their perspective, a bunch of defeated races, all in chaotic, is not a bad outcome, right? Because it solves… it gives them more opportunities for food, right? They eat human… they eat brains.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right? And their favorite kind of brains are the brains of intelligent creatures. And, you know, a whole bunch of defeated, war-ravaged territories provides a lot of food.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right.
TELEPHONE_USER: Their ability to combine…
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, boy.
TELEPHONE_USER: So, for their perspective, a war is not a terrible outcome. Does that make sense?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, but on the specific mind flayer that doesn't want to enslave creatures, I don't see the benefit.
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, remember the first thing, food?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, that's…
Dimos Stathakis: Correct. Thank you.
Nicholas Roussos: We're not.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right? I mean, so yes, there's op… opportunities present itself. Does that make sense?
Nicholas Roussos: Right.
TELEPHONE_USER: So, yeah, so these are not, like, you know, what's the word I'm looking for? The world's best… they're not the friendliest creatures in the world, right? And fundamentally.
Dimos Stathakis: Look at you.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yes, so this is why… so, from his perspective, so there must be something of considerable value that he wants.
Nicholas Roussos: Where are you not?
TELEPHONE_USER: That he's willing to trade for something that you have of considerable value. Does that make sense?
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right? So for him, this is a trade of, I have something you need very badly, and for that, I'm willing… I want something that I want very badly.
TELEPHONE_USER: Write that.
Dimos Stathakis: That's the other.
TELEPHONE_USER: so that… Right.
TELEPHONE_USER: He goes… I need you to track down A rogue thought.
TELEPHONE_USER: We would like to have this rogue egal… A rogue slot.
Nicholas Roussos: Here you go back.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay…
TELEPHONE_USER: Do you… do you wanna… do you wanna ask what the rogue thought is, or just, like…
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, yeah, I don't know what that is.
Dimos Stathakis: I guess he's… Something that has the ability of the rogues.
TELEPHONE_USER: What?
Dimos Stathakis: he has a stealth, I guess, but I don't really know what… Because he's a rogue.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right, he goes, a rogue thought is an enemy of the collective.
Dimos Stathakis: Because it stinks.
TELEPHONE_USER: He, he, like, does… he goes like this.
Nicholas Roussos: Can I forget that.
TELEPHONE_USER: He puts his hand over his head, and he goes, this hurts.
Nicholas Roussos: He goes, die.
TELEPHONE_USER: Diane. Diane, do not worry. If I have to choose which brain I will eat last, it will be yours.
Nicholas Roussos: somewhere.
Dimos Stathakis: Great, that's what I wanted, and I want to give you a headache, so continue.
TELEPHONE_USER: He goes, there's…
TELEPHONE_USER: two flavors of rogue. There is the rogue, the one who has clever skills and is able to steal, or to pretend, or… and then there is rogue as an adjective, which refers to someone who goes against the general accepted dogmas.
TELEPHONE_USER: Who is outside of the rules.
Dimos Stathakis: Even the first row goes outside the rules, but okay, yeah, okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: It's, yeah, so it's a rogue thought.
Nicholas Roussos: opportunities.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: I will… We have been un… I need that thought destroyed.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: At this point, you know, your curiosity would be, why would he want this rogue thought destroyed? I mean, what is this rogue thought?
TELEPHONE_USER: Like, how do you destroy a thought? These are all reasonable questions for you.
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, it is.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, I thought it was gonna be a roguelike element in the brain.
Dimos Stathakis: But my only question is, how hard is the ticket?
TELEPHONE_USER: Right. So… .
Nicholas Roussos: Why would we destroy it?
TELEPHONE_USER: causes it… He goes, He goes, the thoughts are not conducive to the SEP's survival, order must be maintained.
TELEPHONE_USER: And he… and he asks, and to your question, he says, a rogue thought is a mind flayer that has rejected the unity of the collective.
Nicholas Roussos: Can't you just shut off attacks to the brain?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, that's… whooped.
Dimos Stathakis: You seem just, no, thank you? What the… really?
TELEPHONE_USER: What's the third Wednesday?
Dimos Stathakis: Can you just say no to the mind control?
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, not today.
TELEPHONE_USER: Oh, no, I'm sorry, I don't understand. Your question is a good one, I'm not sure I understand… can you answer your question?
Nicholas Roussos: Can you not just shut off its access to the brain?
TELEPHONE_USER: It… it looks at you and says.
TELEPHONE_USER: The problem is the other way.
Dimos Stathakis: What, when the brain is so stupid that it cannot be controlled?
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, sorry, maybe I didn't explain this to you guys. Mind flayers operate in the following way. There's a big brain, alright? The elder brain.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: All the… all the other mind flayers are connected into it… are connected into it, but it doesn't mean they all operate as one thing. They're all independent of… they're all independent actors.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, but they still have to be connected on the brain. How… how is that…
TELEPHONE_USER: They don't, no, they don't have to be… they don't have to be.
Dimos Stathakis: Why would they choose to be, what they… what they are getting out of the deal now?
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, if you ask Dwarfak, he's gonna say that that is how the community works, you know, that's our, you know, this is how the Mind Flayer, you know, it… essentially, it's like… it's kind of like being a member of a religious cult.
Dimos Stathakis: So there's no… nothing they get out of… Bing.
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, there… well, there is, because, like, by being connected to the elder brain, the elder brain represents the collective consciousness of every mind flayer that ever passed in the past.
TELEPHONE_USER: And so they have access to tremendous power and information, and the elder brain is powerful in its own right, and has very powerful magics that it can cast, so it provides protection.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, my question is, can you…
Dimos Stathakis: Connect the brain and then disconnect?
TELEPHONE_USER: What do you mean, connect and disconnect? The brain itself, or…
Dimos Stathakis: No, with the brain, with the community. Can you connect to the community, get the information that you want, and then disconnect?
TELEPHONE_USER: If you're asking, can you do… yes, of course, we could totally do that. I would be more than happy to turn you into a Mind Flayer.
Dimos Stathakis: I didn't say that.
TELEPHONE_USER: He goes, well, he goes, well, then if you're not willing to become a mind flayer, no.
Dimos Stathakis: Anyway, so the.
TELEPHONE_USER: And then…
Dimos Stathakis: What?
Dimos Stathakis: Yep.
Nicholas Roussos: My question is, can we not just disconnect the guy from the brain?
Dimos Stathakis: with Connecticut.
TELEPHONE_USER: the brain. That's…
Nicholas Roussos: What's the battle with that?
TELEPHONE_USER: Disconnected.
TELEPHONE_USER: What do you mean, what's the matter with him?
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, it's like…
Nicholas Roussos: What's the matter with the mind flare if it's already disconnected from the brain?
Dimos Stathakis: That's the problem.
Dimos Stathakis: I guess.
TELEPHONE_USER: The problem is that it's disconnected from the brain.
Nicholas Roussos: What… what… Okay, so there's one Rogue Mind Flayer not connected?
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, Dad, say bye to Zia.
Nicholas Roussos: Sorry.
Dimos Stathakis: Nope, hello.
Nicholas Roussos: Good chatting with you.
Nicholas Roussos: Always?
Nicholas Roussos: Do you prefer?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: Good pleasure.
Nicholas Roussos: But one thing.
Nicholas Roussos: Right.
Nicholas Roussos: Bye!
Nicholas Roussos: Good to see you.
Nicholas Roussos: He goes… Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Next stop.
Nicholas Roussos: Right, that's right, people ride our wedding. Yes?
Nicholas Roussos: Okay, if you want the pet chemo, we can do it by…
Nicholas Roussos: And we'll do it by Zoom. Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
Nicholas Roussos: Nice.
Nicholas Roussos: So, thank you.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, bye.
TELEPHONE_USER: No, you cannot, because I was on mute. Alright, okay. Can you hear me now?
Dimos Stathakis: Nope.
Dimos Stathakis: What's…
Nicholas Roussos: Wait, so what's the issue with it, then?
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, so the issue with it is, from the mind flayer's perspective, and the collective's perspective, any mind flayer that is not attached itself to the big brain.
TELEPHONE_USER: is a… is dangerous.
Nicholas Roussos: How?
Dimos Stathakis: Because they don't have control over it.
TELEPHONE_USER: Exactly.
Nicholas Roussos: Sorry you guys aren't proponents of free will.
Dimos Stathakis: What?
TELEPHONE_USER: Exactly!
TELEPHONE_USER: Exactly! So you've now hit upon the most essential elements of mind flayer society. The elder brain essentially imposes its wills through the mindslayers, and everybody is a member of the collective.
Nicholas Roussos: Is there only one brain, or are there multiple?
TELEPHONE_USER: Each collective has its own brain.
Nicholas Roussos: Hot take, I don't like taking free will away from people, so, like… What's in it for us?
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, what's in it for you is the information for defeating the fire giants.
TELEPHONE_USER: Now, let me just make an observation.
TELEPHONE_USER: a mind flayer's normal behavior is to go hunt down, you know, sentient creatures, eat their brains. I mean, they're not exactly, you know.
Nicholas Roussos: But…
TELEPHONE_USER: A free-willed mind flayer isn't exactly a friendly creature towards other sentient creatures. Does that make sense?
Nicholas Roussos: No, yeah, of course, but like…
TELEPHONE_USER: I mean, they would be normally called a monster, an aberration, something that you would want to kill, because basically the way they survive is by killing other…
TELEPHONE_USER: creatures.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right? They essentially eat Fenty of creature brains.
TELEPHONE_USER: And so, what's happened is that there is a community of mind players that happens to be
TELEPHONE_USER: living in somewhat of an equilibrium, right? And now there's a rogue mind flayer, and who knows what havoc that Mind Flayer could run. Now, who knows? Maybe that Mind Flayer has a different point of view, but I'm just trying to say, like, it… that's a good point, and you may or may not want to
TELEPHONE_USER: build this mind flayer, do whatever you want, but he doesn't… just because he has free will does not necessarily make his free will a net positive. Does that make sense?
TELEPHONE_USER: So just keep that in mind. It's not like…
Nicholas Roussos: I know that you're.
TELEPHONE_USER: Will it.
Nicholas Roussos: How do we even know you have a way to defeat the fire giants?
TELEPHONE_USER: He goes… he pauses and looks at you and goes, It will serve your wishes.
Nicholas Roussos: Again, how do we know you're not just lying out of your teeth so that you don't have to go sacrifice your precious Mind Flayer life to go hunt down a rogue element you failed to maintain?
TELEPHONE_USER: He says, well.
TELEPHONE_USER: If there's no interest in working with me, then I will find another group of adventurers who wishes to work with me, and…
TELEPHONE_USER: Perhaps that other group of inventors will find a different price than the information we have.
Nicholas Roussos: I'm not saying I don't want to work with you, I'm saying, what's in it?
Nicholas Roussos: Is there any insurance that we don't go do your task? And then it's like, oh, yeah, we didn't have the information.
TELEPHONE_USER: Bromgrim turns to, to, to, Velker and says, we are powerful adventurers.
Dimos Stathakis: That's not good enough.
TELEPHONE_USER: No, no.
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, I mean, we could always destroy the Mineslayer colony if they're lying to us.
Dimos Stathakis: I don't think that we are that powerful.
TELEPHONE_USER: And he goes, but we could certainly cause it a lot of harm.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, that's true.
TELEPHONE_USER: a threat.
TELEPHONE_USER: So, he's suggesting we could threaten them with that, that if they're lying, there will… you personally will ensure consequences. That's what Bromgraham's trying to suggest.
Nicholas Roussos: Fine. Yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: If you're lying, we will… we will…
Nicholas Roussos: Just note that you're mindful of your call, and you will… we'll have to start counting at the date.
TELEPHONE_USER: fit.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yes. The information… the information better be as valuable as you say, or else, kind of thing.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, roll an intimidation check.
Nicholas Roussos: Can somebody else do it? I have a negative 15 intelligence. Not, intimidating.
TELEPHONE_USER: That's right.
Dimos Stathakis: I think Diane has the best one.
TELEPHONE_USER: It is a bard, after all.
Dimos Stathakis: 13?
TELEPHONE_USER: Whoops.
Dimos Stathakis: Can he get help?
Nicholas Roussos: I always imagine when you do help for this type of check, it's like the guys in rap videos who just stand next to you and go.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, go for it.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, yeah, he's cooking! Like, I always imagine it's that type of guy.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so Dan gets help, right?
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, you got help.
Dimos Stathakis: 19.
TELEPHONE_USER: 19. Alrighty.
TELEPHONE_USER: You roll the 19.
TELEPHONE_USER: He looks at you, and for the first time in this entire conversation, is taking you seriously.
Dimos Stathakis: Good.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right? Like, for the first time, it's like, hmm, perhaps the Lord's… the order of the Gauntlet was not foolish in suggesting you to me.
Dimos Stathakis: The who?
TELEPHONE_USER: Very few people. The Order of the Gauntlet, that's one of the five factors.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, for the Emerald Enclave, it suggested us.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yes, well, the Order of the Enclave… the Order of the Gauntlet was who I had reached out to, and then they said they had an agent here, and then the agent was going to be reached… somebody was going to reach out to the agent.
TELEPHONE_USER: He points out, it is my understanding that none of you are members of the Order of the Gauntlet.
Dimos Stathakis: No.
TELEPHONE_USER: And that only one of you is… and then only one of you, and he points to Akritos, is a member of the Emerald Enclave.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
TELEPHONE_USER: Make sense?
Dimos Stathakis: Nope.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alrighty.
TELEPHONE_USER: So, he says, perhaps this was not entirely a waste of my time.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, so, he's, like, very impressed with you, so just to be clear.
TELEPHONE_USER: So he says, very well.
TELEPHONE_USER: He says, he says, I… He goes.
TELEPHONE_USER: In exchange for these secrets, you have to track down the rogue thought.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Oh, no, no, no, no, I'm just not, let me just make sure I tell you what he is.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, so it says, he goes,
TELEPHONE_USER: It's, he simply says that… he explains that the mind… he explains that now that we've established that you aren't the run-of-the-mill adventurers, and that perhaps you can actually do this task.
TELEPHONE_USER: What I need… my Thralls and the mineslayers and the community have not been able to destroy the threat, as it is layered inside an area of the Underdark, heavily permeated by the fair's S.
TELEPHONE_USER: The magical energy which causes our abilities to falter, or even fail entirely.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: I offer a small reward for the return of the rogue's severed temper to call.
TELEPHONE_USER: All right.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, he explains that the location of the lair does not involve a particularly perilous journey, but the true concerns lie in the lair itself. It explains that the effects of the possess and that rogue thought almost certainly have powers, not typical
TELEPHONE_USER: of its kind.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, so he says, so do we have a deal?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Dimos Stathakis: I guess?
TELEPHONE_USER: What?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, we have a deal.
TELEPHONE_USER: All right, so he hands you a map, a map which illustrates the past of least resistance to get to the layer.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: The journey will take approximately, what, 10 days? I'm assuming you guys are prepared, you are able to make the journey without any…
TELEPHONE_USER: Without any impact, right? Without any encounters. On the final two days of the journey, the ferzess, which is… do you guys know what the firzess is? Just to remind you, it's a magical substance
TELEPHONE_USER: That… a magical substance that inhibits teleportation.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, I know what it is.
Dimos Stathakis: Fair?
TELEPHONE_USER: Right, right. It's so prevalent that, Akritas, Dayen, Bellacore… all of you.
TELEPHONE_USER: Have a constant buzz inside your heads.
TELEPHONE_USER: And, Diane, you've got telepathic abilities, right, Diane?
Dimos Stathakis: Not telepathic, telekinetic.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, so you don't have telepathic, alright. Okay, so eventually you arrive at… your final destination.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, so you've arrive at your final destination.
TELEPHONE_USER: There is a door in front of you.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: You enter the door.
Dimos Stathakis: I guess, to have another option?
TELEPHONE_USER: No, I mean, you can, like…
Dimos Stathakis: Check the door.
TELEPHONE_USER: Whoever you're looking for.
TELEPHONE_USER: Go check the door?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: There appears to be no sounds coming from the door.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, try to open the door.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, who goes in first?
Dimos Stathakis: Diane?
TELEPHONE_USER: Ryan?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah?
TELEPHONE_USER: Robin Graham follows, I guess?
Dimos Stathakis: Sure.
TELEPHONE_USER: Kritas is behind with the bow. Felcor.
TELEPHONE_USER: Do you have any special, incantations that you've put together?
Nicholas Roussos: Thank you, P.
Dimos Stathakis: We can try to steal, but yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: I have my special bullets.
TELEPHONE_USER: You have your special bullets? Okay, what are your special bullets?
Nicholas Roussos: It's the different.
TELEPHONE_USER: Oh my goodness.
Nicholas Roussos: buildings.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right. So you have the ability to use different kinds of attacks, right?
TELEPHONE_USER: Depending on the, yeah, have you decided… have you decided whether they're going to be… what they're going to be? Because remember, we said you had to decide what they're going to…
Nicholas Roussos: What do y'all think, ice?
Nicholas Roussos: Poison? I don't know, I think… What do y'all?
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, so…
TELEPHONE_USER: So, you know, a couple things you know about mind players is that they're not… the only thing they're resistant to is psychic energy.
Nicholas Roussos: No, anything else we're expecting to encounter?
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, you've known that they're demons, so something… demons tend to be a bit vulnerable to fire… resistant to fire, some of them are resistant to lightning, some of them are resistant.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright, I'll just do some ice bullets.
TELEPHONE_USER: Most bullets? Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: Box it. Alrighty.
TELEPHONE_USER: Nick?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah?
TELEPHONE_USER: Could Felker stop sampling the mushrooms?
Nicholas Roussos: Who's sampling is the shrooms!
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Entering this chamber provides…
Nicholas Roussos: mushrooms.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, I know. Entering this chamber provides a fairly jarring introduction to the layer of.
Nicholas Roussos: Mindful.
TELEPHONE_USER: You were gonna say something, Nick? I'm not sure I followed.
Nicholas Roussos: No, no, Mom was asking if I wanted mushrooms, and I'm like, no, I was talking about hallucinogenic mushrooms.
TELEPHONE_USER: Oh, dude, I don't know whether your mother needs to know that we're talking about that.
Nicholas Roussos: I mean, we are not… we are definitely not talking about hallucinogenetic mushrooms.
Nicholas Roussos: No.
Dimos Stathakis: Hmm.
TELEPHONE_USER: Ugh.
TELEPHONE_USER: So, alright, so let me just describe the room, alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Four bodies are arranged around a table, as if they had been seated and in mid-conversation, then just stop moving. There are a few oddly covered… colored pools of liquid around the room, casting dim, light, and colorful shimmers across the nearby surfaces.
TELEPHONE_USER: It would almost be calming if it weren't for the sense of foreboding.
TELEPHONE_USER: put that in the Discord chat so that you guys can read it.
TELEPHONE_USER: And decide what you're gonna do next.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: You can look at the bodies, the pools of liquid.
TELEPHONE_USER: The table, what would you like to look at first?
Dimos Stathakis: Hmm…
Nicholas Roussos: The body?
Dimos Stathakis: Let's look, look, the bodies are on the table, yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, the bodies are of 3 male humans, the female drow.
TELEPHONE_USER: Roll a intelligence medicine check. Intelligence or Medicine Check, whichever is higher.
Dimos Stathakis: Talenses or medicine.
Dimos Stathakis: Everyone.
TELEPHONE_USER: golf course.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, everyone, everyone. I'm assuming you're all looking at it, or if one of you is not, that's good to know.
Dimos Stathakis: You said investigation or medicine?
TELEPHONE_USER: No, no, medicine or intelligence, whichever, whichever one is better.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, I'll roll an Intelligence.
Nicholas Roussos: 24?
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, you notice a… that each of them has 4 holes bored into the crown of their skull, so you've got, like, 4 holes bored like this.
TELEPHONE_USER: And, like, 1, 2, 3, 4. Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: What did you roll, the 24?
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah. You rolled a 24? Yeah. You also notice, as you look at the holes, that the brains have been removed from each of the bodies through those holes.
TELEPHONE_USER: So, whatever this is, it definitely has a stench of Mind Flayer.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, there's the table.
TELEPHONE_USER: Oh, the other thing you notice on the bodies is that they do not bear any insignia.
TELEPHONE_USER: of allegiance?
TELEPHONE_USER: They do not have valuables, and are in fact curiously devoid of any possessions that might identify where they come from.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right, so there's the table and the basins.
Dimos Stathakis: I mean, we are already around the table.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right. The surface of the table is covered in mats, crumpled parchments, scroll tubes, and the remains of a recent meal, the food still looks fresh.
TELEPHONE_USER: So, the first… do you pick up the pieces of paper, I presume?
Dimos Stathakis: Nope.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right, the first one is a map of Hegelspar.
TELEPHONE_USER: A highly detailed map of Hillspar is spread across the tabletop, though it is nearly covered with everything else. It is very large, shows every street, building, and a bit of infrastructure. It would be worth a fair amount of gold in the right hands.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, so…
Dimos Stathakis: Take it.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, can somebody roll a history check?
Dimos Stathakis: History, history, history…
Nicholas Roussos: I do have a good history?
Dimos Stathakis: I don't think the plus 3… oh, bucket is plus 5.
Nicholas Roussos: 20. Not natural, but…
TELEPHONE_USER: You roll the 20? Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: Thank you.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, I realized at a plus 5, I was like, yeah, I should probably roll that.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, as with the map of Hillspark, you find a map of Flan, which is a town nearby. Let me just show you on the map, on the world map, so you know they do.
Nicholas Roussos: There we go, now I have the hallucinogen mushrooms.
TELEPHONE_USER: Fair.
TELEPHONE_USER: So… Plan is over… We never actually detailed plan, this is our plans.
TELEPHONE_USER: Can you guys see where the word flan appears?
Dimos Stathakis: Yep.
TELEPHONE_USER: So that's where Flynn is.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, that's fun.
TELEPHONE_USER: The very detailed map of that town.
TELEPHONE_USER: All right. It is likely a year or two old, and it shows the thicket, a dense dome of thick brambles and briars erected around the city by a green dragon that took the city by force.
Nicholas Roussos: Great.
TELEPHONE_USER: This is sort of… Alright, interesting.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, the last one is Maps of Mole Master.
Nicholas Roussos: Right.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, you've, alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Two maps of Molemaster that have been folded into quarters. While detailed, the newer map appears to be a token effort over the harbor. There are big red X marks, and ha-ha-ha can be seen repeatedly over certain sections of the map.
TELEPHONE_USER: Marked as destroyed. The older map shows trade routes in and out of the city, and includes what appears to be a guard rotation
TELEPHONE_USER: And schedules and margins.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, roll a… now you understand why everybody has been obsessed with the phantom…
TELEPHONE_USER: the Phantom Ghost, because somebody or something attacked the city and destroyed it, and of course, everybody blames the Phantom Ghost for revealing the secret, impenetrable forces that protected the city in Moldmaster.
TELEPHONE_USER: But apparently the city of Molemaster has suffered some kind of widespread devastation.
TELEPHONE_USER: Falcor, roll a D20 history check.
Nicholas Roussos: D20 history, okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: Right.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep, sorry, give me a second… History, you said, right?
TELEPHONE_USER: Yup.
Nicholas Roussos: 20, not natural.
TELEPHONE_USER: As you look at the map more carefully and apply your background, since you were from Lone Master.
TELEPHONE_USER: The damage, you realize, was caused by an attack on the city by various
TELEPHONE_USER: Elemental cults. Much of the city of Molemaster is expected to starve as a result. The maps are worth a small sum to the right party.
TELEPHONE_USER: Thanks to the guard details.
TELEPHONE_USER: So that's another piece of valuable intel.
TELEPHONE_USER: You also find the scroll tubes that are all empty.
TELEPHONE_USER: Playing cards, which are worth some money to the right person.
TELEPHONE_USER: You also find food.
TELEPHONE_USER: The food is, appears to be drow rations.
TELEPHONE_USER: And, the last one is some crumpled parchments that are written in common. They appear to be outlining mercantile agreements between an unnamed drow outpost and the red blooms.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: I'm like, hmm.
TELEPHONE_USER: So whoever, whoever's in here, knows a lot.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, roll a, roll a, does anybody have a passive perception over a 15?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, 3.
Dimos Stathakis: Nakitas.
TELEPHONE_USER: Fantastic.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay, let me just chuck something.
Dimos Stathakis: Should we roll something.
TELEPHONE_USER: Hold on, I'm just trying to make sure that I read it.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: Just see him and stop coming soon.
TELEPHONE_USER: This is gonna be interesting. All right. Okay. So, you see the basin, and you see the basin, and you see, there's no other exits out of the room, so…
TELEPHONE_USER: Or rather, when you try to open this door, you realize that it is magically and arcanely locked.
TELEPHONE_USER: And so, you'll have to figure out how to open the door.
TELEPHONE_USER: Look, you… there's still the basin, to… on either side. There's still the basin.
TELEPHONE_USER: Which you haven't looked at.
Dimos Stathakis: Can we take the hinties out and open it?
TELEPHONE_USER: No, arcanely locked doors are not susceptible to such… mechanical techniques.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay… You send there's also something else we have.
TELEPHONE_USER: So there's a basin.
Dimos Stathakis: Wait, so there's something else to check except the basement?
TELEPHONE_USER: Basin. Basin, B-A-S-I-N.
Dimos Stathakis: Basin. Okay, okay, let's check the basin before going to the door.
TELEPHONE_USER: There is… there's two other doors. There's a door that you can't open, then there's two other doors.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so this is the locked door, and we have two other doors here.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yes.
Dimos Stathakis: Let's go to the left one.
TELEPHONE_USER: Do you want to look at the basin or not?
Dimos Stathakis: What is a basin?
TELEPHONE_USER: It's like a…
Dimos Stathakis: Whoa.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: It's a… it's a sculpted thing that's standing, that's got… that has space where you can put liquids into it.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, yeah, let's take that.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: the… As you look at it, again, roll some investigation or wisdom checks.
Dimos Stathakis: 25 Wisdom Check from Ram.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yes.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright? It reveals the carving to be a bottom-up view of the underside of a human brain.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, can we get any information out of it?
TELEPHONE_USER: Well, you know, think about it. There's a basin.
TELEPHONE_USER: And it's got the space for…
TELEPHONE_USER: A space for you to put a human-sized brain.
TELEPHONE_USER: So… And these are mind flayers.
Dimos Stathakis: So I'm guessing they put there to clean it up or store it again.
TELEPHONE_USER: Roll in Arcana check?
Dimos Stathakis: Come on.
TELEPHONE_USER: I mean, I could let you try to figure it out, so it's up to you.
Dimos Stathakis: 19.
TELEPHONE_USER: You realize that it's even worse than that.
TELEPHONE_USER: To open the door, you need to put a brain in there.
Dimos Stathakis: And…
TELEPHONE_USER: End.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
Dimos Stathakis: So, that's the key.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yes.
Dimos Stathakis: Can we just use dispelled Magic, or that doesn't work?
TELEPHONE_USER: That does not work, apparently. Alright, so there's two other doors. Which one would you like to use?
Dimos Stathakis: Last one.
TELEPHONE_USER: So at this point in time, the rogue thought isn't feeling very, you know, very rogue-y right now. I mean…
TELEPHONE_USER: Use his brains to lock his door.
Dimos Stathakis: It looks a lot like a main filler, yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, alright, so which one of the door? East or West?
TELEPHONE_USER: Northeast or northwest, rather.
Dimos Stathakis: Excellent.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alrighty, so you go down this hallway.
Dimos Stathakis: Something tells me that we're just gonna make a certain…
TELEPHONE_USER: A chorus of guttural voices can be plainly heard, shouting, What sounds like angry insults.
TELEPHONE_USER: I had a voice reporting in common… under common.
TELEPHONE_USER: You recognize the voice.
Dimos Stathakis: Charles?
TELEPHONE_USER: No, it's a breeze. Remember the drow that you guys back when.
Dimos Stathakis: Right.
TELEPHONE_USER: And, and, you know, has that weird relationship…
TELEPHONE_USER: Yeah, from… back from Hillsboro, right? And Candace is,
TELEPHONE_USER: That you guys rescued from the beet farm?
TELEPHONE_USER: It kind of started the budding romance between Diane and Candace.
Dimos Stathakis: Oh, yeah, I know, I know.
Dimos Stathakis: We, we can…
TELEPHONE_USER: It was also…
Dimos Stathakis: You seem… sinking?
TELEPHONE_USER: No, you know, you hear him shouting.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, let's go second hymn.
TELEPHONE_USER: Check on him? Alright, so it's behind the door. So, Jerry, you're gonna smash him the door? Are you gonna… how are you gonna… how are you gonna approach this?
Dimos Stathakis: Open the door.
TELEPHONE_USER: Open the drawer quietly and gently.
TELEPHONE_USER: Try to be secretive?
Dimos Stathakis: If he was selling, he wasn't… he's not gonna be with someone else in there, right?
TELEPHONE_USER: Oh, you… no, you heard… oh, sorry, just… I don't… let me just… let me just remind you.
TELEPHONE_USER: Just to make sure that you did not.
TELEPHONE_USER: A chorus of guttural voices can be plainly heard, shouting what sounds like angry insults, Shouting, like.
TELEPHONE_USER: What sounds like angry insults at a voice retorting in Undercommon.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so there are some prisoners and a guard, okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: There is… yes, Aries… Arise is sounding like the prisoner.
TELEPHONE_USER: In fact, when you speak under comment, he's, like, cursing them and saying nasty things to them and saying, you know, the usual defiant words of a drow against somebody who's obviously tormenting him.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, so… Can we check what's on the other side and decide, then, where we're going?
TELEPHONE_USER: You? So you want to quietly peek inside?
Dimos Stathakis: I don't know, let's go back and go to the other door on the east. Okay. Northeast.
TELEPHONE_USER: That one. Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: So yeah, what?
Dimos Stathakis: What do we hear from here?
Dimos Stathakis: It's the exact same thing.
TELEPHONE_USER: All right, okay. This roof… okay, as you touch the door, it's much colder than the rest of the area.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay…
TELEPHONE_USER: So, we're at 10.30, so I just want to be sensitive to folks' time.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay, do you want us to give the description and then stop, or do you want to stop here?
TELEPHONE_USER: I just… we can give the description, I just need to.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
TELEPHONE_USER: Do you want to open the door, is that what I'm hearing?
Dimos Stathakis: No, I want to check the door, like, before, like, do we hear anything, or is this colder?
TELEPHONE_USER: It's just colder. Like, a lot… visibly a lot colder.
Dimos Stathakis: Okay.
Dimos Stathakis: I think we're gonna stop here.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright.
TELEPHONE_USER: Alright, and then let me just make a note of the basin.
TELEPHONE_USER: We're good.
Dimos Stathakis: enough?
Dimos Stathakis: Yeah, yeah.
TELEPHONE_USER: Take care. Have a good one.
Dimos Stathakis: See ya.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.